Do you have children?
Yes, or else.
Why do you think I chose you as my secretary?
Because your son is the same age as mine.
Can handle a lot of children's problems
same age
That is to say
He didn't just have a wife when he had a one-night stand with me
Wife is still pregnant
Ouch, what's the matter with you?
I'm sorry, Mr. Gu, I've been working overtime these days
hand shake
It's the scum of your bad luck
Chen Dezhu
Has Secretary Li worked a lot of overtime recently?
Then let him work less overtime
If there are not enough people, recruit them.
Don't squeeze sexy yeah
That beast not only cheated, but also had illegitimate children
I cursed him to death
Bastard must never let my child
Become this disgraceful existence
Here comes the president
Here comes the fat man
Help me choose a Children's Day gift.
I want to give it to my son.
Mr. Gu, I'm not good at picking gifts
You'd better change it to someone else.
Would anyone like to help me choose a gift?
5,000 an hour.
I have 5,000 an hour.
Mr. Gu, I am willing to face difficulties
Hmm, annoying
But that hate returns hate
Money is money